## Vision

1. What is the vision of this product?
    * The vision of ChatCraft Companions is to provide users with an on-demand, engaging experience with an AI companion of their choosing. (i.e, albert einstein, weird al yankovic, snoop dogg, spongebob squarepants).

2. What pain point does this solve?

* Individuals looking for a friend that they can talk to wherever they go, whenever they wish. Finding friends can be difficult in today's society, especially as we get older. With ChatCraft Companions, that is no longer a dilemma.

3. Why should we care about your product?

* Because our product offers users a virtual companionship with a real-time, responsive AI interface that you can talk to.

## Scope

##### In 

* The application will provide text and audio 
* The application will give users the option to customize companions however they see fit
* The application will allow for a "premium" subscription plan in order to allow max requests from OpenAI and generate as many companions as they wish

##### Out

* The application will never become a fully free model, as the costs to send requests over time will scale
* The companions will never be 3D rendered (like a game character)

## MVP Product

1. What will your MVP functionality be?

* A user should be able to convert text-to-speech by clicking the "play" button next to their respective dialogue 

2. What are your stretch goals?

* Implement a responsive icon that "talks" to the user when text-to-speech is engaged
* More to come!

## Functional Requirements

1. A user can listen to the speech generated by their companion
2. A user can customize the look of their companion by uploading images
3. A user can interact with their custom companion

## Non-Functional Requirements

1. Testability - Functional tests: Test each function to ensure behavior is expected such as dynamic responses relative to the type of companion that was created.

2. Scalability

* PrismaDB for scaling and saving user input

3. Maintainability

* DRY principle
* Proper Version Control